[Music]
hey guys welcome to my channel guess
where I am
I'm in Moscow and today this video will
be about top 5 things you don't know
about Russia but you totally should know
them if you want to come here or if
you're planning your trip or you know
this this will be just random facts you
wouldn't find on Wikipedia or other
sources when you're googling like places
to see in Moscow or things to do in
Moscow this is going to be my view of
the city and the country in general so
Lester
[Music]
my back everything is in question
utility learn Russian before coming here
because all the signs on the underground
are in Russian all the names of the
stations are in Russia and if you can't
read in Russian you should find somebody
who speaks English and help you another
person speak English actually not many
Russians speak English at all so for
example here's some exhibition in front
of the main church in Russia and yes
still in Russia
behind me is the exchange rate
but 72 Provost Bureau
and the prices in Russia are really low
so if you take an uber and remove road
drives for like 20 minutes they will
charge you five dollars maybe
if you go to a restaurant so we just
went to fancy restaurant we had lunch we
had sushi we had fish we had bread and
drinks and that was around less than $20
for two people so rush is really nice in
terms of food especially quality price
balance really good in terms of
transcripts so sometimes it's easier and
cheaper for you to take an uber than to
take Metro for example because one write
on Moscow Metro is a little less than
one dollar
so really you know save you time and
drive with comfort around Moscow
[Music]
be aware of traffic in Moscow
to navigate around Moscow
and this thing
single street and people will be
and waiting for their security and those
guys to come through so just be aware at
present I don't know if that's somebody
coming
see I be aware I don't really take a
number during the day
especially from five to
wouldn't be the best idea and in
but studying
p.m. should be fine
five pm now and he sees
[Music]
another fact that you've probably known
about Moscow but haven't realized the
scale of it Moscow has around 11 million
inhabitants which means there are 11
million people in one city and
especially on the underground
have to squeeze in my new place today is
Saturday so it's not that busy we should
be aware Allah
[Music]
look at all the people so many people
everywhere like everywhere you go
especially in the rush hour
I'll call of those guys who just
finished their work and heading back
home to be aware of them and everything
is under construction because they are
renovating the center and hoping they
wouldn't have to renovate it for another
70 years nope it's true and the thing I
said about nice girls time central
Moscow it's really weird so we're really
close to the center
the houses are not that impressive and
it looks like they're not really taken
care off and you can see all the
different styles of architecture out
there you can see more than houses you
can see a lot of Soviet houses it looks
a little weird because I think in bigger
cities you would see some kind of style
or a style that is used to decorate the
buildings but here they're all kind of
very different
in session of smoke Ostrom million
dollars
probably because it's very central when
the host is not very nice
[Music]